#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via tincan
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-simple-history
attrs==24.2.0
    # via openedx-events
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via bs4
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
bleach==6.2.0
    # via ora2
boto3==1.35.53
    # via ora2
botocore==1.35.53
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
bs4==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   external-api-clients
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   eox-audit-model
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   eox-core
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   requests-pkcs12
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   ora2
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-password-validators
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-audit-model
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-support
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   nelp-custom-registration-fields
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   ora2
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   eox-audit-model
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   eox-core
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   eox-audit-model
    #   eox-support
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-when
    #   ora2
django-oauth-toolkit==2.4.0
    # via eox-core
django-oauth2-provider==0.2.6.1
    # via eox-core
django-password-validators==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-history==3.6.0
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   ora2
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   eox-core
django-webpack-loader==3.1.1
    # via edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-support
    #   ora2
djangorestframework-jsonapi==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.8
    # via edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.0.0
    # via eox-core
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via edx-submissions
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   ora2
edx-milestones==0.6.0
    # via eox-support
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-support
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
edx-proctoring==4.18.2
    # via eox-core
edx-rest-api-client==6.0.0
    # via edx-proctoring
edx-submissions==3.8.3
    # via ora2
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
edx-when==2.5.0
    # via edx-proctoring
eox-audit-model==5.0.0
    # via
    #   eox-support
    #   external-api-clients
eox-core==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
eox-support @ git+ssh://git@github.com/eduNEXT/eox-support@v6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
eox-tenant==11.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   eox-theming
eox-theming==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
event-tracking==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-proctoring
external-api-clients @ git+ssh://git@github.com/nelc/external-api-clients.git@main
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via openedx-events
fs==2.4.16
    # via xblock
future==1.0.0
    # via pyjwkest
html5lib==1.1
    # via ora2
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-yasg
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   eox-audit-model
    #   ora2
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.4.2
    # via celery
lazy==1.6
    # via ora2
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via ora2
lxml[html-clean,html_clean]==5.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   external-api-clients
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
mako==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   xblock
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
nelp-custom-registration-fields @ git+ssh://git@github.com/nelc/nelp-custom-registration-fields.git@main
    # via -r requirements/base.in
newrelic==10.2.0
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==9.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
openedx-filters==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   ora2
ora2==6.12.3
    # via eox-support
packaging==24.1
    # via drf-yasg
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via ora2
pbr==6.1.0
    # via stevedore
phonenumbers==8.13.48
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via click-repl
psutil==6.1.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python-swiftclient==4.6.0
    # via ora2
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
    #   tincan
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   external-api-clients
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-pkcs12
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   external-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-pkcs12==1.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   external-api-clients
rules==3.5
    # via edx-proctoring
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via django-oauth2-provider
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-milestones
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   html5lib
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   eox-core
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tincan==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via ora2
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via xblock
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.9
    # via xblock
xblock==5.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-when
    #   ora2
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
