#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astroid==3.3.10
    # via sphinx-autoapi
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   sphinx-click
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-click
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
packaging==25.0
    # via sphinx
pockets==0.9.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-napoleon
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via sphinx-autoapi
requests==2.32.3
    # via sphinx
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   pockets
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
    #   sphinxcontrib-napoleon
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-click
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autoapi==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-autobuild==2024.10.3
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-click==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-httpdomain==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-napoleon==0.7
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx
starlette==0.46.2
    # via sphinx-autobuild
tomli==2.2.1
    # via sphinx
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   astroid
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   uvicorn
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via sphinx-autobuild
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via sphinx-autobuild
websockets==15.0.1
    # via sphinx-autobuild
