#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.15.0
    # via pylint
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
beautifulsoup4==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bs4
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   eox-core
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-proctoring
django-fake-model==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
django-oauth-toolkit==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-oauth2-provider==0.2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-simple-history==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   eox-core
django-webpack-loader==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   eox-core
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
edx-django-utils==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
edx-drf-extensions==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   openedx-events
edx-proctoring==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-when==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
eox-core==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
eox-tenant==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-theming
eox-theming==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
event-tracking==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
fastavro==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
jwcrypto==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
mako==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mock==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==8.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
path==16.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via pylint
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   pyjwkest
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.17.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   xblock
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shortuuid==1.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth2-provider
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
social-auth-core==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pylint
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
xblock==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-when

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
